PAM-33911: Multi-tenancy in streaming analytics (#576)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/apama/analytics-introduction-bundle/deploying-apps.md

The microservice manifest provides the required settings to manage microservice instances and the application deployment in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. For detailed information, see [Microservice manifest](/microservice-sdk/concept/#manifest) in the *Microservice SDK guide*.

Apama can be used in either a single-tenant microservice or a multi-tenant microservice. 
Therefore, the microservice manifest must set the isolation level to either PER_TENANT or MULTI_TENANT.
When Apama is used in a multi-tenant microservice, the Apama application must be written to be multi-tenant aware. 
For more information, see [Working with multi-tenant deployments]({{< link-apama-webhelp >}}index.html#page/pam-webhelp%2Fco-ConApaAppToExtCom_cumulocity_working_with_multi_tenant_deployments.html) in the Apama documentation.

> The following permissions are required by the microservice in order to start up and and use all features in the Cumulocity IoT transport from EPL. These are set with requiredRoles in the microservice manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following permissions are required by the microservice in order to start up and and use all features in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} transport from EPL. These are set with requiredRoles in the microservice manifest.
```

Author: ok, done. And also removed the duplicate "and".
